The Joe Rogan experience. Yes. That's a good point. That's a good point. Um,
so, uh, one of the things I want, I don't know how we, it's not a smooth segue,
but we were talking a bit about technology technology, um, is,
uh, particularly with the 20, 20 election coming up, is this idea of deep fakes,
right? Yes. Yeah, yeah. Fantastic stuff. Um,
and the technology to create this nowadays to create
a deep fake of which essentially just means you're doctoring a,
a photo or video mm-hmm <affirmative> and making it do what you want it to do to
try to convince people of whatever it is. Um, technology is is,
is advancing and, and it's stunning. What can be.
Done? Do you know Kyle Dunigan.
Is Kyle Dunigan. I should know. I should.
Know hilarious standup comedian,
but he shines in doing deep fakes and he's working with this other guy.
I think the guy's called Dr. Fakensstein or the fakconing faken separate guys,
but yeah. Yeah. One of those guys, but go to, go to his, uh,
Instagram and see the new one that he, with Elon Musk,
he was doing him really kind of crudely with like face with, you know, um,
face swap or face. Yeah.
It's like a little filter that you get for Snapchat or something like that or
Instagram, but now he's moved from that to doing this really high end stuff.
Go to the Elon Musk one, look at this, play this, Dr. Fakensstein did this.
Yeah. Okay. Uh, just.
Yeah. At teal labs, which is pretty cool. It's pretty cool. But, but,
but we had a little snafu and it looks like time is slowing down and will
eventually start going backwards at, at increasing rate.
So pretty soon you will become a baby again and be sucked back into
your mother's vagina. So yeah.
Okay.
Now pause now go to another Kyle Dunigan video so he can tell what Kyle really
looks like. That's him to the right of that. This is what he really looks like.
Yeah. Which is madness. Yeah. You were jazz.
Says, oh, you guys.
Thought you, the guy's hilarious by the way. He's awesome guy too.
And he's got a, a great Instagram page,
but his Instagram page is mostly him like the gold boom.
So the gold one is chick click on, on that. Cause that's a normal one.
This is one he did with the filters without Dr. Fenstein look at the,
see how it's kind of creepy. Fake. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But it play that. So.
Ellen degenorasa seems friendly, but, but, but, uh,
no, don't get too close to her. She, but your head off, uh, just ask the, uh,
poor, her Raptor.
<Laugh> and that's rayta iota is always smoking.
Yeah.
Although he gave it up.
Remember, but in the videos he's always smoking in this, but look,
it's it's bad enough that it's extra hilarious cuz it's bad.
But the new one that he did with Elon Musk is not it's it's too bad.
It's not bad.
Like look Caitlin general one go to that Calin general one on the far, right.
That's genius. Click on this one.
Carefully. Kylie. I have something serious to tell you. Yeah.
When you had your surgery years ago,
I buried your old face in a pet cemetery by accident.
And I'm sorry to say it's back. Yum. Yum. Hey,
cardardish get down Kai. <laugh>.
OK. See, but those, those are my favorites.
He has the Kardashians. The only that's the only way they talk, they just say,
yum, yum. And then he knows what they're saying.
Sort of I grew in the guardians of the galaxy. Oh God.
I, I dunno how I, I missed these things. I clearly watching the wrong on,
on the internet. Well.
You're former CIA guy. I should know this. You're doing important thing.
It's enough time for Kyle Don. Yeah. Well.
But this, but what you just shown. I mean, people look at that and I go, okay.
And then, but you're right. The lot Mustang is getting closer too. One's.
Creepy. That could be a real guy,
but you could have someone like that say give me a million dollars or I'll bull
your.
House up or just come on. Yeah. And imagine if he gave, uh, you know,
some off the cuff, um, financial data on, on tesla-hmm <affirmative>, you know,
talked about it as if he'd just come out of a shareholder call and now he was
releasing some inform. I mean, think about what that means to the,
all of a sudden, the stock price of, of a company. Yes. If, if that happens.
But, um, the quality is, is so far beyond,
even that now that can be done by, and we're talking mostly state actors like,
like Russia. And so the, the, the problem we're facing now is it's not just,
everybody's kind of, kind of aware of, you know, the,
the is sort of the tweetverse or whatever, the Twitter and, um,
the trolls that exist on there and the bots and all of that. But it's the video,
the ability to do the video mm-hmm they, they released one, uh,
one was done not too long ago with Nancy Pelosi. And it,
all it did was slow down her speech just slightly,
but just enough to make it sound as if she was slurring her war.
Maybe she'd had a couple of drinks and that thing was blasted all over social
media and people to this day still think, and they still talk about it. Like,
you know, she's kind of losing it a little bit and right. And that like.
Her more, by the way, if she did that. Yeah. I.
Think she might, might make a little more sense. Yeah. Um,
get a little lightened.
Up lady. Yeah.
You worth the a hundred million dollars and no one knows why you should have be
half their partying. I'm sure it was.
All. Oh.
So legit. Yeah. Yeah. She earned that a hundred million dollars. Mm, for sure.
There's definitely no shenanigans, no legal.
Shenanigans. No, there's nothing like that happening up on Capitol hill. Um,
but it, so this, this is a, it's something that people should watch.
It's something that people should, you know, read up on a little bit,
look at it because cuz the technology is advancing so quickly that the effort to
combat it, the effort to detect it. And there's some companies out there and,
and, and certainly the, the, the government is,
is working to do that DARPA and some others are working,
but the effort to try to identify doctored videos,
right. Particularly when you're talking about elections campaigns mm. Um,
is a, is it it's going to be, uh,
an increasing problem that we're not really discussing that much. Right.
Congress is paying a little bit of attention to it right now. Um, but it's, uh,
it's really problematic. And there's, there's things that,
that you used to be able to look for, right. Lighting and, and, and noise,
and just sort of the movements of the face, uh,
what they call micro heartbeats and, and, and all the little things is the,
is the subject in the video blinking, for instance, when your doctor, it,
sometimes the, the blinking wouldn't be there. And that was a tell, but the,
the people involved in all of this and these deep fakes are working, um,
you know, at such a pace that they're getting ahead of that. So, uh, it's,
I mean, it's fascinating. So anyway,
they're coming up with ways to try to counter it. But I guess the,
the biggest point is it,
it sounds like a public service announcement is people need to be aware of it
and they need to be smart about, of course they won't be,
everybody goes to the internet and they lose their minds and they believe
whatever it is that they read that agrees with their opinion. Sure.
And there's no bothering of, uh, checking, you know, uh,
whether anything is actually legit anymore or not. But if you know,
that would be my one piece of advice going into 2020,
starting now pay attention. Don't believe anything you see until you prove it.
And that's part of the problem too. Right. You know, if I,
we stop believing anything we see, right. But if.
I was a skeptical person, right. If I was a, uh, conspiracy minded individual,
I'd say,
but you're not this guy who used to work for the CIA is telling us not to
believe the news. Wait, I see what you're saying.
What I'm saying is you are setting us up.
Okay. Well, it's time for me to go. <laugh> uh, look at that.
Wouldn't, wouldn't a normal skeptical person want to think, like,
why is he telling us that.
I guess, I guess I'm saying, I'm saying it wrong, cuz you're right.
I don't mean to say, I don't mean to imply, I guess what I'm saying is trust.
Uh, but verify right. When, when, when you're looking at,
at video of a candidate or you're looking at anything really on the internet now
just be aware of the capability.
Maybe that's a better way of putting all of this because, uh you're right.
You don't want the part of the problem.
And one of the things that Russia does and,
and others who are involved in this whole propaganda effort, um,
one of the things they do wanna do is undermine our confidence obviously in
media. Right? So, you know, by me saying, don't believe what you see,
I'm kind of feeding into that. So you're right. I shouldn't,
I shouldn't go that route, be aware of what the capabilities are, pay attention.
Everybody should just be a little bit smarter about what they're doing.
That's all I'm saying. So.
And also what we're looking at now is so much more powerful
than what we had three or four years ago. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, I mean,
three or four years ago, this technology was not available for the consumer,
but now it is.
Well, there, there was, I mean to think about it,
if you <affirmative> not to get too deep. Uh, but if you think about the,
the photography,
how long has photography been around there have been efforts to manipulate
photography. Right. So,
so altering photographs has been around almost as long as the, the,
the medium itself. Um, you go to, uh, Photoshop,
um, that kind of put it all in the hands of, of the consumer, you know, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> um, what you were talking about face, uh, swap, uh,
the new face app to age people. Yeah. Um, all these things make it easier for,
whoever's got a smartphone to try to do this, but what you really, and,
and that's a problem as well.
But one of the things that you really have to worry about is, again,
sort of the state actors, like a Russia. I mean, well, Russia.
Was behind the face at swap thing. Well, yeah.
And that's a good point faceap thing, right?
There are Russian companies that are, uh,
pushing this technology out there and what are they doing? You know,
every time you do that, it's recording data about you. Well.
Not only that you have to give your name and your email, right.
To get that application. Right.
And then they have a photo of your face that correlates with your name and your
email. Yeah.
So what they've done is they've gathered up more than 150 million emails
and faces. Yeah. And they have data on people. Yeah. That is,
that's pretty powerful stuff. Like if you think about what Facebook has done,
right.
What Facebook has made billions and billions of dollars by essentially mining
data. Right. That's what they're about. Right. Google's the same thing.
They're mining data. Well,
Russia managed to do that with 150 million people in a very,
very short amount of time just by making something cute. Oh,
let's see what that look like when I'm a hundred right.
Now, what do you think they're doing with that down?
They're they're slicing and dicing this,
trying to understand the American electorate, right? Yeah. They're gonna,
they're not gonna stop doing what they did. And they've been doing this forever.
We talked about this before. They've been doing this since 1940s. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> busy trying to keep the us out of world war II before they
broke up with the Nazis. It was, it was a, it was a serious breakup. Uh,
but when they were still aligned,
they were busy paying off journalists and buying trade unions and all the rest
of it. So they're not,
they're never gonna stop what they do because it's worked for them and it's just
kind of in their DNA.
Why? But isn't that also what the United States does as well. I mean,
there's gotta be some sort of counterintelligentlligence stuff that we do that
is sort of shadyding well, I don't.
Know about shady, but yeah.
Justifiably shady. How about that?
I like that. Okay. That's a good term. Yeah, of course there is.
And people always do that. People every, every, you know, when I,
when I'm talking about, if I, if I'm given a talk about, uh,
Chinese government's, uh, constant theft of intellectual property,
mm-hmm <affirmative>, um,
somebody inevitably will come up afterwards and they will kind of roll their
eyes and go, well, we do it. It's not like it's just them.
The us is guilty of it too. What you well, better hope we are. Right.
Because if we backed off and said, you know what, uh, just, you know,
for the sake of being a righteous individual, we're not gonna do any of this.
You, you would have to be either willfully ignorant, naive,
or just stupid to think that Russia, China,
these other actors out there are gonna stop also. Right.
And we're all gonna hold hands and unicorns gonna fly out of our,
not gonna happen. So, yeah. I mean,
I guess the answer to that is always the same, which is, yeah,
you better hope we do it and we better hope we do it. Well.
Yeah. But people are nervous about that. Right?
Like this is my point about the military budget.
Like if you just cut the military entirely, well,
we're all gonna start speaking Chinese, cuz some gonna go down.
Like you can't just cut the military budget. You, you can't right.
I mean just cut it out one. No, no military at all.
We're gonna focus on ourselves. Yeah. Well, good luck with that.
That doesn't work.
So the question is like how much money should you spend on the military?
How much money should you spend on counterintelligence?
How much money should you spend on propaganda? I mean,
there should be some money spent on propaganda overseas. Right, right.
Because we're,
we're trying to manipulate them the way they're trying to manipulate us.
The idea though, is that we're America. We're nice. We're the good guys.
We're doing it the right way. Supposedly. Yeah.
Well there is that right there is that. And there's and you know what, honestly,
I'll be honest with you. I I've always, you know, maybe I'm naive or whatever,
but that was always my thought process. Me too. Send it to, you know,
when we're out there in the operational world and you think, you know what,
okay, we're doing this,
but we're doing it for the right reason and see this people laugh at that or
whatever. But.
You know, this is my phone. I look at that. See that flag that long may wave.
That's how I, uh, when I open up my phone, the flag waves at me. Yeah.
I got a flag behind me. I'm a hundred percent. Pro- America.